Choosing Capgemini means choosing a company where you will be empowered to shape your career in the way you’d like, where you’ll be supported and inspired by a collaborative community of colleagues around the world, and where you’ll be able to reimagine what’s possible. Join us and help the world’s leading organizations unlock the value of technology and build a more sustainable, more inclusive world.


Your role

Join Capgemini as a Java Software Engineer and help us develop business-critical front-end, back-end, and mobile applications for our customers.


Developing software solutions in accordance with specified requirements and guidelines
Support in estimating project timelines and costs
Ensuring that all deliverables are completed on time and to the required quality standards
Commit to deliver according to agreed planning and budget
Offering technical advice and recommendations for non-SLA compliant situations and problem management
Resolving production issues in line with SLA requirements
Participate to the release/project launches
Identifying and reporting risks associated with assigned task and propose mitigation actions
Evaluating the level of effort required for making changes to software code


Your profile

Experience in software engineering in the Java ecosystem
Excellent knowledge of OO principles and design patterns
Good knowledge of Java, JEE, Spring (Boot), Web Services (REST, JSON), JPA (Hibernate), Unit Testing (JUnit, Mockito, PowerMock), SQL
Front-end knowledge in HTML and CSS. JavaScript frameworks like jQuery, React and Angular are a bonus
Familiar with Agile MethodologiesExperience in Continuous Integration with tools like: Maven, Jenkins and Git
Knowledge of cloud platforms like AWS, Azure or Google Cloud
Experienced in providing and implementing technical designs
Knowledge of one of the following is a bonus: Docker, Kubernetes, Infrastructure as Code (Terraform), Domain Driven Design (DDD), Test Driven Design (TDD), CQRS, Event Sourcing, NoSQL
A collaborative spirit & customer-oriented attitude
Result-driven & focused on delivering quality
Fluent in French or Dutch and professional working proficiency in English
Resident in Belgium


What you'll love about working here?

At Capgemini Belgium we offer flexibility in more than one way: next to our hybrid way of working, where we offer you can work 70% from home, we also offer our flex abroad program. With this program you can work up to 45 days abroad, this to maintain a good work-life balance.


Next to this we also offer following additional benefits:
Net expenses
Company car or mobility budget (whatever works best for you)
Health insurance
Meal vouchers
Pension plan
Eco vouchers from €250/year
A flex plan where you can buy extra days off, update your insurance or buy home office supplies
32 vacation days + Bank holidays


About Capgemini

Capgemini is a global business and technology transformation partner, helping organizations to accelerate their dual transition to a digital and sustainable world, while creating tangible impact for enterprises and society. It is a responsible and diverse group of 340,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong over 55-year heritage, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to unlock the value of technology to address the entire breadth of their business needs. It delivers end-to-end services and solutions leveraging strengths from strategy and design to engineering, all fueled by its market leading capabilities in AI, cloud and data, combined with its deep industry expertise and partner ecosystem. The Group reported 2023 global revenues of €22.5 billion.
