
IT
Share this page on



Software Engineer AWS (NL/ENG)
Contract
Permanent

Work schedule
Full-time

Location
Flemish Brabant

Experience level
Senior (> 5 years)

Apply now
Apply now
What does this job entail?
Edison is KBC’s cloud-based data-intelligence solution platform. Built on AWS, it’s used for everything from developing AI models and making them operational in customer-facing applications to performing analytics and assisting data-driven decision making.

Edison is used by the entire KBC Group. How do we meet this incredible demand? We built Edison to allow every country within the KBC Group to have its own runtime. But we believe it's possible to push further and achieve an even better level of group synergy. This means balancing flexibility, agility and elasticity against speed, synergy, costs and legal considerations.

Achieving this demands a strong data engineer or software developer. Are you the expert our team is looking for?
What do we expect from you?
You use Python to programme in neat, easily maintained and impressively efficient code. You write unit/integrations and E2E tests, paying attention to functional and non-functional requirements.
You use your hands-on experience with data wrangling libraries and your understanding of anti-patterns and under-the-hood working of these libraries to perform different processes, including ETL. Does this mean working with PySpark, Pandas or Polars? You’re comfortable using them all.
You decide whether to use Amazon S3, Amazon EKS, or a different AWS service based on what they do, and how, when and why they will be used. You take cost models into account when you make your decision.
You rise to any demand thanks to your familiarity with a variety of tools:
CICD tools such as Jenkins, Concourse, GitHub, etc.;
Data orchestration tools such as Apache Airflow;
Containerisation tools like Docker and Kubernetes/EKS;
Git for version control and collaboration.
You’re happy to use and even broaden your understanding of data modelling, data warehousing, data lake architectures and similar concepts. When you’re outmatched? You’re comfortable turning to experts for help.
You stay up to date with best practices, trends in data engineering and cloud computing. When new technologies emerge, you’re the first to discuss them with colleagues.
Your key strengths?
Confident businesswoman working on laptop at her workplace at modern office.Blurred background.
You have a bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science.
You’re a team player. When there are challenges, you work together with others to find solutions. When a situation changes, you demonstrate your flexibility and help others to adapt.
You know AWS Cloud like the back of your hand.
You’re a strong lead engineer who takes proud ownership of a product. You listen and consider all requests, using your analytical skills and awareness of priorities to make the decisions you communicate with your whole team.
Your communication skills in English and Dutch are excellent.
You can start at short notice, preferably within the month.
What can we offer you?
You’re assured of an excellent onboarding and a pleasant, collegial work atmosphere.
Throughout your entire career at KBC, we encourage you to grow as a person and as a professional. You can follow training courses in which you further sharpen your hard and soft skills.
Our offices are easily accessible by public transport. You’re also welcome to partly work from home.
Flexible work hours help you to balance your work and your private life.
We offer you a permanent contract and a competitive salary, supplemented by extralegal benefits. Sounds familiar? Of course. It’s what you read in every job description. At KBC, we make a difference with our extended flex package. It’s too extensive to go into details here. However, we will happily discuss the various benefits—large and small—at your interview.
Can you help us make the difference?
The Data Engineering team offers me a place to truly let my expertise shine. Being part of the development of the core libraries for data engineering at KBC means our product and decisions genuinely matter - here I get a chance to have an impact.
Patrik Bernhardsson, Data Engineer
