Working in the Cloud team 

As a leading telecommunications company adopting a cloud first strategy and executing cloud transformation projects, Telenet is eager to bring aboard cloud native professionals that share our passion for Public Cloud Services. 



As a member of the Public Cloud Services team you will deliver solutions towards multiple tribes and squads who count on the cloud squad to deliver their public cloud foundation and standard services. You will participate in initiatives delivering new capabilities and services based on the immediate and future needs of these teams. You will be part of a squad that deals with multiple consumers, each having their own set of requirements and time constraints and assist them in adopting cloud services in ongoing projects. We are looking for a positive enthusiastic engineer who is willing to join us on our journey to become the reference for Public Cloud use.


Your tasks as our engineer

• Work with the team in defining and reviewing cloud strategies, designs, and roadmaps. 

• Participate in agile ceremonies (refinement, planning, review, …). 

• Work closely with application architects, analysts, and engineers to gather requirements. 

• Designing solutions and assisting in the implementation of business projects. 

• Identification and implementation of standard cloud services offerings. 

• Build next gen cloud platform foundation and services. 

• Deliver managed public cloud services to application development teams. 

• Implement CICD pipeline skeletons and integrate standard stages. 

• Document and transfer the necessary knowledge to operations and other engineering teams. 

• Define and follow-up processes, standards, and best practices for optimal use of public cloud service offerings. 

• Participate in cloud governance teams and processes. 

• Solve L3 incidents and problems
 
Your profile & experience

Experience: 
Must have knowledge: 
Effective communication skills to collaborate with cross- functional teams. 
Present solutions and ideas to a wider audience in an easy manner
Designing infrastructure & applications in a cloud native environment 
AWS (preferred), GCP & Azure.
Building CI/CD pipelines (GitLab CI, AWS CodePipeline) 
Hands-on experience with: 
network infrastructure in public cloud (e.g. VPC, Routing, Direct Connect, ALB, NLB) 
IaC & Configuration Mgmt (Terraform, AWS CloudFormation, GitOps).


Vital knowledge: 
5+ years’ experience in software development in cloud native environment 
Python, javascript, shell script 
Building and running containers. 
Docker, K8S, OpenShift, AKS, EKS, Helm, etc. µ
Define guidelines & best practices for onboarding applications to public cloud. 
Foster community engagement. 
Actively engage as bridge between engineering, development, and business as part of CoE 
Breakdown problems, assume ownership of deliverables. 
Project coordination. 
 
Nice to have: 
Experience with the agile framework, Jira and scrum. 
Contribute to product roadmap
 
Not in scope: 
Enterprise architect 
Full stack developer 
Project Manager 
Business Analyst 
System administrator 


Clear Communication: 

You are an excellent communicator and problem solver 

Poor performance, system problems or crashes must be investigated and solved. 

Service minded: 

You keep calm in demanding situations, and you always act with operational excellence and stability of the systems for our customers in mind. 

Flexible: 

You are willing to execute planned changes outside of business hours and work in an Agile SCRUM environment 

Language: 

English is key, Dutch is an asset 



What we have to offer

You will end up in a company that fully invests in you and that optimally adapts your working environment to what you need. This way you can develop yourself and at the same time watch over your work-life balance. What else are we throwing into battle?
You will be given every opportunity to further develop your expertise. We stimulate your personal growth with internal mobility opportunities and extensive learning opportunities, but also give you the chance to press the pause button over time or take a completely different path.
A varied job in which you achieve tangible results and make your mark.
A competitive gross monthly wage that we supplement with a lot of fringe benefits. Think of: homeworking policy, meal vouchers, hospitalization insurance, telephone subscription, discounts on Telenet products, company car, laptop, cellphone, ...
The fine company of colleagues who are just as passionate as you are.


Your week as a Public Cloud Engineer

You start you day with a Daily within the team, this is a 15-minute event to improve communications, eliminate other meetings, identify impediments to development for removal, highlight and promote quick decision-making, and improve the team’s level of knowledge. Every Tuesday, you will be in the brainstorming sessions with the team in the office where we will bring various topics to design and analyze together as a squad. These brainstorming sessions will be joined by various stakeholders from Telenet to brainstorm together with our squad. 



Every alternate Wednesday, you will have from your home office a Sprint Planning meeting. During this ceremony, the team will lay out the work to be performed for the Sprint. This resulting plan is created by the collaborative work of the entire Team. The alternate Wednesday morning you have a Refinement meeting, the goal is to refine the user stories, so that it is clear to the team what needs to be done to complete the user story. Afternoons are foreseen for focus time and to work on your Epics/Stories that were agreed upon in the Sprint Planning. Every Monday and Thursday is a focus day to focus on the sprint backlog. Fridays you will be on site with the full team (squad) and department (Cluster) and this will be a time to work together with your colleagues from different teams.
